Welcome to
market
[Music]
insurance. So the
video
and stock market finance and
[Music]
insurance and stock
market insurance, health insurance.
[Music]
performance. So claim settlement ratio
85.5 and 98% that
means
and that means
98 and
volume second largest health
insurance
[Music]
hospital number of hospitals particular
individual
Chennai
[Music]
road specialy
hospital
Easy tedious
process at least 15
days. So
[Music]
maxicular
hospital that
means no premium
and achieves
[Music]
your
okay 45 complaints.
number 45
and that
[Music]
means individual
product. So individual
selling period of
insurance. For
exampicle
particular
but most of the
[Music]
and
secure
particular selling point and
treat.
Sometimes patient situation
[Music]
Treaty quartis.
and modern treatments. Robotic
surgery.
mention
treaty number of diseases number of
treat
[Music]
second
addition up to 100% of that
[Music]
means
and 50%
[Music]
Next
year% of the
percent full
[Music]
But in
pre and hospital pre and post
hospitalization 60 days
hospital consultation
fees and discharge
Fore
and particular.
[Music]
policy
max.
So deterrench.
particular and recharge
option
particularly number of people
inside more
For example,
[Music]
And
I
[Music]
jump diabetics, hypertension,
hypermia 31
[Music]
days and
room particular
productivis and maternity.
waiting
period and also reduction in PD preC
[Music]
Sorry.
And
also unlimited
restore and also the limitless rider.
IC
policy full single sorry single
[Music]
bill and also ABC writer in
ABC, blood pressure, cholesterol and
diabetes within 31
days and
also
particularly
Fore but
performance
[Music]
hospital. So
for financially well.
[Music]
But features up
to insurance
policy and network
hospitals customer
already
existing and also the
product Maximum
99% friends and
[Music]
insurance and Monica.